# surfaceSweeper
   1. Surface Sweeper is minesweeper but played on the surface of a cube. The game allows the user to choose the dimension of the grid drawn on to each face and the total amount of mines loaded into the entire game. From there, a randomized game loads onto the specified cube. The user can rotate the cube in any direction (using keyboard keys), click their cursor to reveal any square, and press the spacebar to flag suspected mines. The user wins when every square on the cube is either revealed or (correctly) flagged as a mine. The user loses when a mine is revealed. The numerical value of a non-mine square indicates the number of adjacent squares containing mines. Adjacency can occur between squares on different sides of the cube. If the user presses a square adjacent to zero mines, then the entire network of adjacent zero-squares, and its surrounding border squares, are revealed. At any point in time, the user may return to the main menu, start a new game, or reveal the solution grid. From the main menu, the user can access either the ‘Game Customization’ screen (where grid dimension and mine count are manually chosen), or a ‘Directions’ screen explaining gameplay and controls.
2. Run the only file in the source code folder (main.py). Of the necessary modules, only [CMU Graphics requires installation](https://academy.cs.cmu.edu/desktop). Import them exactly as written below:
   1. from cmu_graphics import *
   2. import math
   3. import copy
   4. import random
3. The fastest way to test the main features of the app is to press ‘PLAY GAME’ from the main menu, choose ‘4’ for dimension and ‘6’ for mine count, and press ‘PLAY.’ At this point, the loss scenario can be achieved by pressing ‘Reveal Mines.’ The win scenario should be very easy to achieve, because only one mine is used per face. Press the spacebar to flag mines in the 6 obvious locations. The ‘Directions’ screen is accessible from the main menu. Press ‘New Game’ to verify the random cube generation works as intended.
4. Watch a short [video demo](﻿www.youtube.com/watch?v=4L4Lw6IbYbw&ab_channel=JacobBraginsky) of the project in action.
